[Music]
Because Javi wanted to get along with the
group.  It's obvious.  First the Ah, look,
Electra.  What happened to Electra?  But
Electra was struck down, wasn't she?  That is, it is no longer
there.  No, the question they asked a
while ago that I couldn't answer and
why Javi wanted to get along with
the group is obvious.  First, I
want to get along well with the group,
neither well nor badly.  The extra, that is, it
is not something that is good or
bad for me or anything.  That is, they are colleagues who
are there.  Why do you fight with people?
No, it's always better to be good than bad,
isn't it?  I mean, there is no evil.  They don't
do anything to me.  Some, well, I don't do
anything to them either.  And as for those who don't,
well, I'll pass.  The audience at the talk show is
completely different from Javi's audience
.  Javi hardly shares an
audience with the talk show.  Second, if you
add up all the streams of the talk show, I do
n't know how they are right now on Kick, but
when they did it on Twitch and YouTube,
more or less between the six people,
when there were six of them, they reached more
than 10,000 viewers.  Well, I'm
very happy.  I personally don't
think Kick is exactly an
exact number, okay?  I'm not
saying this as a criticism or anything.  Mm eh,
but well, yes, right?  I mean, when they
add on Twitch, when they did it
on Twitch, well, I think they might
add whatever, right?  One has
500, another has 2000, another has
1000. You have whatever they have, right?  Hm,
I don't think it's 10,000, but oh well.  Hm,
well, okay, very good.  I'm glad,
of course.  I mean, I also have two or
3,000 viewers every night here
and when I do live shows with my
talk show host, which is Fran, with the guest we
have each week, we have 6,
7,000, 10,000, 15,000.  We once had
40,000 the other day with the Fran controversy.
What do I tell you?  I mean, but where are you going
that I want to scratch them.  But if
the gathering talks about me, what does it matter if they
speak badly or well, if I get along well or
not.  If they mention me and
my topics, if I want to advertise, they'll
do it, right?  Among all.  He has
3,000 and these other 10,000 viewers,
let's assume that they share
1,000, there are another 9,000 potential
viewers.  So, and also have to
get along.  So, extra, what
you're describing here when you
went up to the Tertulia Space the other day,
making a fool of yourself, right?  So,
when you came up to say, hey,
I messed with Javi, when you
came up, here you are describing what
you were thinking, right?  They are potential
followers that you were going to gain, right?  Good.
Or be cordial with the
opposing side, because
unfortunately he got pigeonholed.  For me,
the
discussion group is not the
opposing side.  Eh, sometimes
I agree with them and sometimes I don't.
The problem these people have
is that since they only live in the
Dallas-verse and only deal with what's
related to Dallas, they don't know that there are other
issues.  They don't know that suddenly Auron and I
know what, Wescol and I don't know how much, this and
that.  I mean, I don't even know how many topics
I cover in a day.  At the end of the
same day, eh, I don't know how many topics I have
covered, at the end of the same day.  Okay.
Hey, so they think they're on the
other side.  But the opposing side is
that on one topic, on one topic and not always.
Look at the mentality he has.  Look at the
mentality he has.  What is this,
Wizard?  Hey, Wizard, you're really
starting to get on my nerves, aren't you?  To
become the defender of Dallas Review,
a satellite of Dallas Review, at
least on its channel of salcería.  On
Telesalceba he does something else and his
main channel, well yes, he has very good
videos and such, but at least in the
salcería he is the defender of Dallas
Review.  In what?  On what topic?  On what
topic?  Electra would know how to maintain it.  No,
Fabi, I'd rather be a defender of
Dala Review if that were the case
than a defender of Ray.  The extra said in
the Gibel space.  Only you are missing from the
gathering.  She exposed herself.  Those are your
enemies.  Clear.  Yes. Let's see,
Vera.  He is one of my moderators.  I'm
passing by.   We
shouldn't open doors that we won't be able to
bear later because I with Ah, but
it's everything.  Do you know what minute?
No, follow me, it doesn't appear.  And by
Gel, if you find me the minute,
this Mr. Fabi was calling me
Mr.
Fabi with a nickname and everything.  What a character
he is, man.  I mean, the fact that you
do this kind of behavior to be
accepted into a group seems really
regrettable to me because it's so obvious
that it's to be accepted into a
group because of all the old faces talking
nonsense on their stream.  Exact.  So, they
can call you old and I
can't tell her she's a
hippopotamus.  These people, when I
say that they're too old for all this
nonsense, it's not to be
offended, I'm not calling them old
as if they were 90 years old, I
mean, I'm saying old as if you're
too old to be doing this
nonsense that you do, the truth is.  And
the pambicitos grabbed a photo that I
posted with my cat saying that
I look so ugly, that I don't know what, and
I don't care because I saw that
too, so they told you that you were
horrible, I don't know what.  I, I have, I
have self-esteem.  I look at myself in the mirror and
say, "How pretty I am."  And that's it.  I don't
care what they think.  Why do
they cry so much?  And he put you on the cover
of the video that everyone had run away
in the debate, I mean, he put you there.  You
stayed until the end.  When I
stayed, when I stayed, I was the
only one who stayed and I papped it again
to the one who has the one who has like What did he
say?  What did he say?  What did he say?
Wait, what did he say?  What did he say?   They
also told you that you were
horrible, I don't know what.  I saw it.  I have,
I have self-esteem.  I look at myself in the
mirror and say, "How pretty I am."  And that's it.
I don't care what they think.
Why do you cry so much?  And he put you on the
cover of the video that everyone
heard in the debate, that is, he put you.
You stayed until the end.  When I
stayed, when I stayed, I was the
only one who stayed and I ate it
again.
[Laughs]
Man, they just talk themselves into
little things.  I stayed and ate it up.  What the
[ __ ]?  To Fabi, the one who has it.  I ate it up
with Fabi.  To Fabi, uh, I'll call him
Fabi, please, uh, follow me, I'll
call him Fabi, please.  Hatters has
like four surgeries behind him,
so what's going on?  What surgery do
I have?  Hair.  Of course, why would I
go bald when you have hair that you can
wear?  And what other surgery do I have?
Oh, I've removed a little
grease from my eyelids.  Life, mate.
What else?  And what else have I done to myself?
The nose, which is for breathing.  Ah,
I haven't done anything else, huh?  I
plan to do more things.  Yes. I don't
know that no.  And what and what Fabi who is
20 years old to call anyone old.
He's the same age as me.  He's the
same age as I don't know what.  Well,
if we're the same age, let me
tell you that you're more broken than an ashtray at
a bingo hall.  There is no
moral superiority with which anyone calls.  Come on.
Botox, eyebrow, nose, etc.  I don't
have Botox, Ricardo.  I tried it
once and didn't like it.  Ah, Ricardo
Inmoral is a troll account.  Juan, a
kiss.  I tried it once.  The vote is removed
after a few months.  That's something
you have to keep up with, you
have to keep renewing it.  It doesn't stay
forever.  And I wore it once,
I look like the master here, I wore it and I didn't
wear it again.  And eyebrows, there's nothing you
can do other than eyebrow surgery, as far as
I know.  So, what I do is shave
like everyone else, right?  And what did my
nose tell me?  Nose.  I didn't get my
nose done
for health reasons.  But it's not just that, it's not
just that.  Mr. Fabi
gets upset when they call Mrs.
Ana old and so do I.  I get
upset because they call Mrs. Ana
old.  Where is Ana?  Ana, do you
mind being called old every time?  And
here everyone is a witness and
every time they told old Mrs. Ana to
take the pill she would say hey, hey,
hey and she would face them.  Because I don't
like that.  If you need to use the
age argument or the
physical argument to attack someone, it seems to me you
have no arguments.  But damn,
people get tired.  If Israel wants to
do it there, that's their problem.  I don't
do it, I don't like it.  What I do?
Oh, I'm going to let him talk R. I'm not going to
talk to you anymore.  You heard, you're banned because you
did something that doesn't seem right to me.
that they are stupid.  Why then do they
defend Fabi al Palas who do
all the things they do?  But if they are
moral, it's because I'm really
going to get
upset and what we need is a voice,
they need to come here, not because we
are very relevant or not, but
because R comes up here, some
laser comes up here, people come up with whom they would never
debate with him on his channel because they are not going to
go and they are not going to accept it, eh,
he came and at first people talked
to him.  Ret talked to him, LER talked to
him, Pelucas talked to him, this one, but
what happened all this?  Wigs ended up
insulting him.  Wig, but it's gone.  He
did more of the same to her.  Oh, I
ended up insulting the wig, that's why he doesn't want to
talk to me anymore.  Oh, I told him, silly.  Oh,
normal, normal, normal, normal, that he does
n't want to debate with me anymore.  Yes, yes, he
ended up insulting him, huh?  Ugh, he said to him
, idiot, eh, bleach.  He never
responded.  A laser too, such.  And
the people have already decided, no.  What laser?  that
I didn't respond to anything either, that
when we debate nothing, no, I don't
respond to anything, no, no, when
we debate I am silent.  Talk
to Fabi and L, nobody wants to talk anymore.
Of course, this is what they are running.  I didn't
run away.  I was going to put the
thumbnail that thanks, thanks Fabi
because I love that photo saying that
I ran away and I was the only one who
stayed and talked to him.  I don't run away
from anyone, my friend.  No, I loved how you
laughed your ass off when I loved how you
laughed your ass off.  Arrive.   I
mean, really, I mean, what I was
left with from when he arrived and
we all left was your laughter,
because it was very authentic.  It was very
authentic.  It was this laugh, this laugh that
you felt that the
guy was suffering, that he couldn't do
his show.  We are not going to lend ourselves
to your [ __ ] circus, period.  I'm not going to
lend myself to your [ __ ] circus.  We're worth too
much to lend ourselves to your
circus, Javi.  Let's see
Electra's laugh.  Let's check it out and see if
this is true.  Uh, well, nothing,
uh, look, I'm going up to say good night
to the administrators of this because the
participants suddenly I've been
listening to you for like an hour or so and they
've left.  Just as I uploaded, their
internet went down.  What happened?  Were.   I
don't know, ask them.  But look, it
seems to me that they're laughing at
you, Ray, at all those who ran.
Because I came from a baptism that was outside
of Seville and so on the way I
said, I'm going to see if there's any
Space talking about me and there were like three.   I
caught you with a kid, I don't know
his name because he wasn't anyone, he wasn't
a YouTuber, but there was a kid
who was saying that I was losing
relevance, Dallas too.  Hey, the
four shows that are currently
on TV are about me.
So, I would have liked to ask him
where I lost my relevance, but
well, that's gone too.  But of course, I
mean, in a flash it's over there, it can't
go up.  No, I mean, he's not going to
argue with you.  They don't want to talk
to you, Javel.  None.  Ah, but
why are they talking about me?  Well, you'd have to
ask them.  Ah, I've
literally been
listening to you guys talk about me for over an hour.  They don't want to
talk to me.  U, are you hearing the
extra's laughter?  He's laughing his head off.
Committee.  They are those fairy tale villains.  What
does comitac mean?  Ah, well, uh,
good evening.  U, the extra is cracking up
, eh, over-infused.  Wow, how he
pissed me off, this one.  Well, maybe, I don't know, I don't
want to speak for anyone else,
but maybe what's happening is that they no longer
want to discuss with you, Mr. Javio
Oliveira, is because you're too redundant about the
issues.  Ah, I repeat the topics a lot
, eh?  And so he mixes them up and
mixes them up and mixes them up and it becomes a
single topic.  It becomes a single topic.
Maybe it doesn't have it anymore, I mean, the
topic of all your spaces Javi or
Dallas and Javi comes up and they don't want to talk
to me because the topic is a single topic.  In
fact, the topic today was Rel vs. Ray,
but yes, I put the space in the
moment I left the space, eh,
the baptism, I put the space and the
topic, I'm really fed up, eh, for
Javi, no, Javi, I think they refer
more not so much to the topic when you argue,
but rather like one has a question and
the other doesn't want to answer it, has
another question and they keep asking each other the
same thing.  No, no, no.  What I don't answer
is when someone tries to use
a question to change the subject.
We're at a point, you finish the
point and then you ask me and they
answer you with fear and hide from you
xd.  And yet he still says, "No,
I didn't eat it."  Well, we have another one
too that I find really
sad, eh, that you have a channel dedicated
to harassing me, because you can be called,
okay?  a channel dedicated to harassing me.  What
you've been doing over the past few
years is literally complete harassment
, complete harassment.  If I haven't made
a video of you on the main page yet, it's
because I haven't had time to stop and
you're still very irrelevant.  Maybe it's
best to dedicate that day to him, but we'll
do it because I have some things here that
people don't yet have to
talk about, okay?  But hey, you went out for
pat, you freaked out.  Spot.  That is, the
expert on Javi, the expert, no, the
expert on Javi.  Javi comes, you look,
Javi, this is your lie and the other is your
lie.  And I would have explained a
few things to you.  First I would have
explained to you what you say about me and then
I would have brought up a few
topics for you.  Okay, you got off on your feet.  Okay,
now you say what you want.  Oh no, I don't
believe in chat because people don't want to
hang out with me.  No, look at this,
color it.  This is the denial phase,
okay?  Javi, did you see how Inco ate
Electra in X?  Now we'll see.
Now we're going to see it too.  Today we are going
to see many things.  Hey, this is the
denial phase where you
're just going to support each other, okay?  But
reality is what it is.  The reality is and
I'm leaving, okay?  Because?  Because
you're just stalkers behind the
monitor, okay?  And in edited videos and
in moments like that.  And the
answer the boar gives me is yes,
yes.  You kick and scream and keep insulting and
making up whatever you want, but the one who
was lying when he said you didn't call
Antonia a piranha is you.  Wow.  That?
What.  So, uh, point number one, this
is a convenient clip from a trial
where they were asking me about a
video that didn't even belong to the
proceedings.  Okay, I have a lot more
clips, a lot cooler ones than that one, okay?
But still, what?  What is happening
here at what point is
this video being discussed?  What is the
correlation of this to answer?  I
mean, it's like if you [ __ ] yourself, you
ran out of space.  Haha, and
you're dumb and in the tail.  That?  What does it have to
do with it?  You are an idiot, a
complete idiot.  But anyway, since you're here,
since we're
talking about this, as it happens, the truth
is that I would have loved to answer you,
but you've blocked me.  So,
well, what I'm going to explain here will be
answered by people in response to this.
Well, I can't answer you.  You
blocked me, then you suddenly unblocked me
for a while and now you've blocked me again
, right?  I deny, eh,
if I've called people a piranha or if I
've called them I don't know what, I deny it.
Ah, well, look where
this comes in handy to remind you of something:
you were really harassed in your time,
okay?  Look, here's the dog.  Do you see
this dog appearing from behind with a
pompadour?  He dressed up as a toupee.  50 years,
huh?  He behaves like a bully.  I
understand that this is because it must have
happened to him, and now that he has a gang
of bullies following him or a
bullying community, he'll understand that
when he feels supported, he gets better, he
gets better, he gets better, okay?  In
your harassment issue, where you've meddled
with my issues, family issues, you've
lied, you've made up the biggest thing, you've
accused me of a crime, you've done whatever
you wanted, okay?  Uh, between
all those things, aside from the lies we've
already seen in every excerpt we've
done about you, okay?  I
recommend that everyone who comes to
Egunasa salcería, look for it, okay?  Hey,
you invented a little dog because the
high school bullies, probably or
kids who don't pay attention in class who
follow you around, would say, "Bravo, bravo, very
good, very good. With your 50 years and
the looks you have, man, you invented a little dog
to call me a dog, to
offend me, just like you've been doing
these past few days, right? To call me a
dog, a little dog. Okay, let's see
some things about Let's see some
things about what a guy was doing with the
little dog, okay? A real bully, eh, I
mean, you can be called by all
letters. a real bully. Among
other things, you said that I had
privileged information about Pambi, I
have it saved there, okay? And that I
committed a crime with the Pambi thing, okay?
Look, here you put the dog in
jail clothes, okay? The kid and all and I do
n't know what and that he has that thing because
maybe as a kid he had that fetish.
Eduardo Maximiliano Guerrido  He has
fish. Peluín doesn't see anything strange because it
happens often among dogs.  Gu under
some pelukin colon dash under
some goyo tea.  Thank you.  It was about time, it
was about time someone remembered
I was here.  Seriously, someone who would
actually donate to wait for me to
give my point of view.  I don't know what you see
as strange.  They are two adults of adult age
with the option of adult reproduction, and
if they want to do the turnstile, the
windlass, the helicopter, it doesn't matter
what they want to do, they can do it.  He
sees him a bit like a son, so he's
changing him so he doesn't see him and that's it.  But they
are adults, they are sexually attracted to each other,
they do grown-up things and nothing happens.   I do
n't know what it is, you guys really
think so much about everything.  I smell
ass like a dog, ass that I see, ass that I
like, ass that I go.  Sometimes I've even gotten
confused and gone for a boy,
but it was because he smelled strange to me, you know?
But no, that's not the story.  I'll
[ __ ] whatever ass they put me on.  That's
how we dogs are.  I don't know what
you're looking for, but you really
give it a lot of history, a lot of twists and turns,
a lot of turns you give it.  I don't understand
at all why you find it
so strange that a mother could have sex with
someone who is already 30 years old, huh?  It's
not like he recently turned 18
or anything, and it's not like he's
already 30 or something, right?  They've been
doing nothing for a long time and suddenly
the spark has appeared after a
while.  Hey, the spark
of truth has emerged.  Javi, in your post-
baptism live at minute 4 Ajax asking for
followers and at 1 hour 27 minutes
Electra comes on asking for followers.  We already
know why.  Okay,
everyone experiences butterflies in their own way.  It's normal,
I'm not telling you that everyone wants to see
the twist, right?  You all
want to see the twist.  You guys are
really bad, really.  You look terrible.
In short, as long as you can get it in, it's a good hole.
Okay, so that's it.  Come on, people, I'll
leave you.  Thank you for the donation, Eduardo
Maciliá, thank you very much.  So, well,
there you have it.  This was every day, right?   I do
n't know if it was a month, two months, I don't know
how long it was.  Okay, every day.  And Peluki, don't
lie that I had you castrated
years ago, that's why you're always angry.
Oxi, let's see, if you want me to castrate
someone, I can bite your ball
quickly.  You're going to talk about my ball,
which is fully operational and
works, and you'd like it, you'd
like to dance perrea, like I do, you
know?  So quickly, I get on and it
hits.  You wish, you wish
Tixi, you wish.  Cris, thanks for
that membership too.  While you
're listening, I want all of
you who have been following me here for many
years, this was last year, I think
before summer, okay?  More or less.  If you
have any idea that I here on my channel
would do the same thing and he would be
responding to something about me, right?  Whether it was a
proportional attack or whatever, or whether
a wild boar was put here, for example,
talking, right?  Or something like that
, please tell me, because it does
n't sound like I would behave
this way, right?  In Prime there they
gave it away, they gave away a
Twitch subscription.  Thank you very much too.
Thank you very much too.  She was a
big Cris, but as I said, if you want to
be castrated, bring me your balls.  You'll
see how quickly you can cope.  Did you see
Egun asking fans for pictures of their asses back
in the Marifer vs. era?  Mister doctor
even put up a banner about that and had to
take it down because they were all defaming him
while you were coming more or less.
I have others more or less like that, but I don't
know that one, but please send it to me.  You'll see
how you won't laugh at
Peruqui again.  Let's see, let's see if you think I
have a Toto hair, I have a lot,
but not one Toto hair.  Some respect, huh?  A
respect that I bite you and the Pluto that I
have underneath.  Pluto is because I
like Disney.  If you haven't caught it,
huh?  I'm going to give you more than a [ __ ].  The
hair is because I have hair, okay?  It
seems that having hair is a cause for mockery,
right?  And the accent, well, because
the accent is very funny
.  Draxo, a kiss.  Thank you so much.
Thank you, thank you for thinking of me, but
let the lawyer come to me, I'm going to
bite what I have hanging here,
really.  Lawyer.  That's the laugh.  As if
imitating the laughter you see.  They caught,
they caught laughter.  It's funny that
I'm doing something stupid on
live television.  It set her off.  I mean, it's the
alarm.  I don't know if we'll see it in any clip
now, but it's the alarm of his
live show.  That was my laugh, me being
silly.  And then he's doing it in
case you haven't figured out who the
dog is, okay?  just in case you still haven't noticed with the
toupee and the pompadour and
Pluto's dog and the accent
, okay?  Or telling me
that I bend down to suck [ __ ], blow
asses and all that stuff just in case it wasn't
enough, okay?  This is a month, huh?  A
month of humiliation like this, huh?  Lawyers to me,
lawyer to me, come to me and
tell me, you know?  I don't have a
dog court, we don't have
dog prosecutors, we don't have dog judges,
so no matter how dog-like
a lawyer might try to be, the truth is,
no, it doesn't work, it doesn't work.  I have the
law of the street.  You come at me, I bite your
balls.  That's how it works.
School of life, you know?  Seriously,
a lawyer is going to come to me.  A
real lawyer.  Juno, imagine if
I were to stop a live show,
put a wild boar here, and start imitating
this man's breathing,
this man's voice, his way of expressing himself.  Okay,
go on, you don't have to have laws or
street food.  They call me little,
but have you seen this hair?  You've never
seen a dog with this kind of fur.  So
if I really have this great hair,
it's because I've earned it.  Because I'm
very bad.  I'm very bad.  So don't
mess with me.  Don't mess with me, there's
nothing more chavish than me.  Well,
that's it.  Come on, let's continue.  Friend, friend.
Then they call him a dog and he gets angry,
idiot.  Friend.  Well, I don't know why he's
angry.  Well, I don't know why he's angry.
Because here I am a dog and many others.
Know?  Being a dog is neither.  It's not
there.  Gibel is talking about me, eh, in
case the analogy wasn't clear.
Discounted.  I am a dog.  The
subtle intelligence of calling me a dog
in this way.  Okay, if it wasn't
clear, dog and be cool.  Don't be
angry, Abi Oliveira, don't be angry, there
's nothing wrong with being a dog.  I
also go next to my owner, I
lick my balls, everything is fine, don't
worry.  Well, that's it, I'm going to put it to you.   They
lick balls.  Anyway, my friend.  This
is the same one.  Okay, so it turns out that I do
n't know if you know, I don't know if you
can imagine, but obviously
just with the nonsense about the dog,
just without paying for having a channel
of a stalker dedicated to me, I mean,
with one they already gave me I don't know how many nights
to file a lawsuit, to have another
channel, as you can understand, I still haven't
done it, okay?  For whatever reason,
okay?  Eh, but I only
noticed it because of the dog.  I'm going to sue you
.  I mean, it's one thing for
you to make a joke, a parody, right?
Hey, a joke, a parody, perfect,
okay?  I mean, I'm not going to be offended by
that.  No, I'm not exactly a
thin-skinned person.  I mean,
they can call me anything, man,
anything.  I mean, I put up with everything, I don't throw away
channels, I don't put strikes, nothing.  You are
a stalker.  I mean, but you can be
called outright, you're a
stalker.  You add this up as it happens to
all the miniatures you have,
putting on ears, putting on a necklace,
eating my ass, eating this,
eating that.  You are a stalker,
a real stalker, who isn't
responding to anyone and has no
conflict with me, because I haven't said anything to you like that
, I haven't treated you
like that, and you don't have a channel dedicated to you,
much less.  In fact, I haven't even
made the video on the main channel yet
with what you've done, uh, with what you've
done, and that you're now trying to hide it
from the people who are getting to know you,
new from Mexico, but you're a real
stalker through and through.  Eh, this
can be sued on the grounds of honor,
obviously, even if he were a party, he's not
answering anything.  I mean, it's not a
retorquendy mood because I tell you, you
tell me, "No, no."  and much less a month
for every day a dog smells
ass, I don't know what they are.  Dozens of cli,
dozens of cli, eh, yes, Seref, of
course.  Um, dozens of clicks if you
smell my ass, if I crawl,
suck my owner's [ __ ], I don't know what.
A lot of humiliation.  Okay, so for me, being
called in the Dallas area is
something that, well, I don't care about.  You
may have that opinion.  It's not true, I don't
even always defend it in everything.
There are many opinions that I do not
agree with him on.  Right here.  He's been
on air with me, and I've
contradicted him on a lot of things, okay?  But
hey, do you want that story to
discredit me?  Because you in particular
are so jealous of me that you can't stand
it, okay?  But it's one thing to be a
pet, okay?  That you call me the
pet, I don't know what, I don't know how much, because you
always go with him, because always such,
but anything else is already a humiliation.  I
mean, when these people call me
the dog, it's not like on the street, it's
like a humiliation, you know?  Like,
look at what's saying, if you smell
ass, you throw yourself on the floor, you crouch down, I don't
know what.  A month.  There are lawsuits about this,
there is jurisprudence, eh, with this.  Eh,
there are others, there are other people who have said,
"No, it's that I have one, no, no, it's not
a parody account, I can give you some
accounts of sentence and surely he has
seen it, okay? Eh, what's on the subject.
There is a YouTuber who had a
parody account taken away and they had to
pay him 40,000 bucks for a parody account,
parody of these like Javier Canino,
Javier Peluca, I don't know what that was
humiliation for I don't know how many months it was.
Every day, every, every, every
day, man. I mean, every day. You
're not fighting with me, dude. I mean,
every day having a dog there and the
dog and since it's significant on your
channel, eh, so that you can monetize, right?
So that it also encouraged people. Not
content with that. A harassment account was created
. A harasser account was created,
a dog account. The more he
messed with me, maybe more money he got  They
gave, the more he was doing. A channel was created,
right? Look, making fun of my speech
as if he spoke very perfectly, right?
Look, for the life of you who am I, right?
Very funny to do this at 50 years old.  You
seem like a real stalker to me
, huh?  And I'm telling you, a stalker.
And anyone can tell you that because you
're a stalker, okay?  A channel was
created about this too, eh, about the dog,
eh, a channel was created just about the
dog.  Obviously a lawsuit, a
lawsuit was coming and he would lose it and he must have
consulted him, that he went and did a
live broadcast saying goodbye to the dog and look what he
said, because of course, here he is
saying that if for some
pet story I don't see how serious what
I have done is, okay?  And if I'm
saying that you shouldn't take offense at the animal story
,
because that was a video that was
about a mixture of the heart, a mixture of a
lot of things, okay?  But hey, you have to
see that I said no, that I wasn't
going for Mrs. Antonia, okay?  But
look at what he said about the dog
after harassing him for more than a month, huh?
Look what he said.  Characters last as long as they
last.  I thought it was going to be a
temporary thing.  Suddenly it occurred to me
that I could make him talk.  I said, "It
can be done. Let me figure out how to
do it because with this PNG
thing, I'm sure I can make him talk."
And suddenly he starts talking, but it was only going to
be for a few days.  Suddenly they tell me,
"Here, I've upgraded your HD."  And I say,
"Well, let's leave it for another
week with the HD."  And suddenly, like,
and suddenly, then flexibility, so
no, I bend like a like you can
see it before opening Twitter for
people who have Twitter, damn, what have you
done?  This has gotten crazy, a
character has been removed, but this one has suddenly created
a huge stir.  Some people
were saying, "I'm going to sue you for having
a pet next to you that
's a dog."  and what happens?  Does it
hurt you that much that I have a dog?  Do you
also have tile syndrome?  I don't know
if I want to ask Manu, but I don't know if I
want to ask myself.  Let's see,
Manuel.  Oh, what's going on?  Suddenly it
occurred to me that I could make him talk.   I
said, suddenly I know this and then suddenly
I have the next two days, two days
receiving videos and clips of I don't know what it ca
n't be because this is huge.   I
'm going to fall on him, he's going to fall on him.  Oh no, it's
really fat.  Yes, I do, I do tell a story.
Yes, he is very fat.  This is not huge.
Oh, okay, okay.  The one from San Quentin and I
for having pets.  Oh really, he's
been so upset about having a pet.  I
mean, when I've said 427 times that this
is a dog, that it has paws
, that it can't pick up a
cell phone, that it can't answer emails,
that it can't read, and that it's simply
a dog, a dog.  Dog, it's not a
person pretending to be a dog or
anything, it's a dog.  Ah, Fidel Landeros,
50 Mexican pesos.  Ah, I wasn't going for
anyone.  Oh, sorry, damn.  Damn, this
series is going away because you're going to have your own
show.  No, no, no, no, no, no, because
otherwise I can't be
hooked on a character at my side all day long, you
know?  I like to vary that.  Sometimes
we have the Pampi, sometimes we have the I don't
know what.  You know?  This was for a grace
for two days.  Ah, that's a grace, that's a
grace.  You guys are really
hooked.  You've
become hooked.  You have to know how
to let go.  And you have to know, ah, that you have to
know how to let go.  Okay, okay, okay.  Damn,
you'd think so, right?  You have to
know how to let go, right?  To leave.  You also have to
know how to let go and you have to know how to leave.
No, he won't have his own show.  You
see me.  Well, he's
had his own
Twitter account and his own YouTube channel.
Mm.  I don't know if he literally alluded to it.   I
don't know if he said he wasn't going for anyone.  I
mean, literally.
But it stayed for two or three days.  I have
other kills that are from the secondary channel
at home at noon, the live ones, okay?
That he said no, that he was a dog,
that he was a dog, that he wasn't going for anyone.
Dog, dog is not a person
pretending to be a dog or anything.  He's a
bad dog, you know?  But he says he
loves me, that he loves me, you know?  It got
too late for me.  I couldn't, I couldn't speak
properly about the subject, okay?  So
let's go see it.  Of course, no, we're not going to
make a wild boar, this is stalker-like.  There
were several live broadcasts on his channel
at noon, where he said he wasn't
going after anyone.  It's good that the dog
that looked like someone or someone
took it personally and that he wasn't going after
anyone.  Okay, that's it, uh, that's it, that's it.
If I do it, it's very serious, right?  If I
tell a story, that is very serious.
That is very serious.  Okay.  And if I
deny it, it's very serious.  You should have been put
in court for what you said about the
dog.  You should have been there because you
would have said the same thing you said on
YouTube.  I wasn't going for anyone.  He's a dog, he
can't pick up a cell phone.  Okay, yes,
if Mr. Doctor, if Mr. Doctor calls
Marifer a [ __ ], freedom of expression.
I'm freaking out.  A Egun passes.  Egun Pasa
is a Spanish YouTuber who has become
known for truthfully and
accurately addressing media issues in his country,
as well as in Mexico and other
Latin American countries, following
controversies such as Mafia TV and Dallas.
And above all, he is known in Mexico for
being the creator of Mr. Doctor.  Teach us
your that.  Put it on me.  Mr. Doctor, come here
and show us your freedom.  Oh, show
us that one.  No, how funny what he said
to Mr. Doctor.  A woman's expression,
no matter what.  Doctor, come here and
show us what freedom of expression is, no
matter who it may concern.  Ah, freedom of
expression no matter who it may concern.
Calling a woman a [ __ ], damn.
Anyone would say so.  Anyone
would say so.  It's a thing of the past.  Come on, he's
super offended by an
animal story.  But of course, it gave you visits and it
gave you followers.  It's the mascot.  Now that's what
being a pet is all about.  This is what it means to be
Mr. Doctor's pet. You went
looking for a tweet from Marifer Centeno last
year, catapún, calling herself a dog
to justify it.  Yes, that's the
mascot.  Look, watch this clip from the other
day.  There it is.  You see?  Look, there it is.  I've
had less uncomfortable hemorrhoids and
less painful colonoscopies without anesthesia.  Go ahead, Doc. It said there, the first
time they donated with the one and everything.  First
time donating basically.  So or more
pet, because this would be a pet.
So or more pet.  Eric Rauda, ​​that great
lawyer, really, Eric Rauda, ​​what a great
lawyer you are.  What a fair negotiation
you made being a friend of Marifer
Centeno and not leaning on her side at all
, huh?  You behaved very well when
you told Mr. Doctor, "No, why are
you going to talk to your lawyers if I'm
going to do it for you fairly."  Oh, Eric
Rauda, ​​no, if I take care of it, he won't be
linked to the Fofo process, that's why I'll
fire him.  No, no, no.  If you see that Eric
Rauda is a great lawyer.  You can see it, right?  The
good lawyer is you.  In other words, the
lawyer who made the agreement is not a
good lawyer because they linked Fofo to
Proceso.  What you
still have inside your big head is in process, as it
happens, even though it is so big it is
empty.  You know that Fofo beat
a 50-
year-old woman who weighed about 20%
the same as him to a near-death thrashing.  Oh, they linked him to
Proceso, huh?  Because he was a very bad
lawyer.  Sure, sure.  Javi, what
you did to Carchez, Juan Guarnizo, and Ari
wasn't harassment, other than insulting Miare
and Antonia.  But what happened with Zorra and
Antonia wasn't because of Miare and Antonia.  E
no, but what about Carches and Abi
?  Carche wasn't insulting me.
Carche didn't tell me one day that
I was gay.  Hey, Abi didn't call me a
[ __ ].  Abi didn't tell me, you
scavenger.  Abi has
never messed with me in every stream I've
done talking about myself.  He has not
insulted me.  Go on and take a [ __ ].  Go on and
take a [ __ ].  And thanks for the $, by
the way.  Hello, for the 10 €, do you know,
smile?  Hello.  Do you know smile?  Eh,
anyway, Mr.
Doctor is being a
smoke bomb, obviously, okay?  Uh,
because what Mr. Doctor is doing
right now is this, he had
to pull down his pants, okay?  And what he's
doing after having looked
so bad is this.  Exactly the
counterpart, Marifer, if this
is not a graphology issue, it is more a
word issue.  I said, "That's perfect."
So, when they told me the first time
, "Hey, you also have to say
this about graphology, which is something that
is not illegal, that this is validated by
institutions, I said, I'm not going to do it."
But then I said, "It is
happening."  Fortunately or
unfortunately for some, there are graphology experts in the judiciary
.  You don't like it, what do you think?  I
am a youtuber.  Go to your
authorities, do what you
correspond to, but don't be demanding
like my Bad Boni who when what happened
in Puerto Rico said to him, "And why,
why are you telling me if I am a
Rebetón singer? Go and tell
whoever you have to tell, "Don't come
tell a youtuber." I already put the
issues on the table. Exactly what I
said in news when precisely the
counterpart supporting graphology or
this other thing about Mao RG1. What
Mr. Doctor is doing is a smoke bomb and
while he is lowering his
pants with Marifer Centeno after
the bath of dough that has taken place after
people broke their face for him
seeing that he was not going to be able to go to
the end as he said it was going to be,
okay? If the problem is not that he reaches
an agreement, I see it as perfect that he
reaches an agreement, the problem is that he
said he was going to go to the end,
okay? Eh, then he takes it and is making
a smoke bomb. Marifere, the the
Mafian is very bad, the Mao RG1 is very
bad, okay?  And he takes his channel to
Egunasa.  I was a victim of Mafian TV.
Okay, Victor Doctor, you've got a
stalker who's literally also
xenophobic.  You're carrying a stalker.  But
Javi, literally Marifer has a lot of
influence.  Say,
please stop being silly.  Marifer was going to
win that trial.  What the [ __ ]?  Freedom
of expression.  Call her a [ __ ].  Ah, ah,
for the [ __ ] face.  There look at my s and I don't
know what, I don't know how much.  Oh, and you have a
stalker.  And besides, you
Mexicans still haven't realized that
this guy doesn't want your donations.
Damn, Mafian has some stuff, huh?
Some that
neither of you have even mentioned yet.
If it were with me, I would dispatch him quickly.   I
mean, but look, look, he has
Mafia stuff and you get a stalker, a
guy who's been making AI songs and
a guy who the first thing he did was
compare him to me to try to
discredit me.  So what
he's doing is preparing the groundwork by
trying to discredit me.  Since he
understands in his childish mind that he
has to defend Mr. Doctor from whatever
, he already goes around saying that Javi
Oliveira is the mafia in Spanish, right?  The
mafian is you, more similar to the mafian in
many ways, I'll explain that to you.  In
many ways you are more like the
Mafia than I am.  I took the Mafian for a
walk here one day and I
don't talk to this guy, okay?  But of course, it's
discrediting, it's discrediting because of the
issue of, uh, because of the issue that the
followers, when they hear me
say things about the stalker, you know
what I'm saying?  Oh, how right, Mr.
Doctor.  Neither of you
have spoken yet, because this one, yes,
this one is perfect.  It's [ __ ] awesome, you haven't
got anything right, eh, because this one
still has things that you haven't even
mentioned, but from Ma RG, okay?  You
could already talk about Mao RG, about Ale
Dolores, about the conversations.  Neither
Egumpasa nor Mister Dector have said
anything about Ale Dolores, about the mess they've
made with Ale Dolores, and they're not
going to talk about it.  Well, Egun Pasa
will speak it, about Ale Dolores' chats and
all these things, Egun Pasa will speak it
if his master pronounces it.  If suddenly
Mr. Doctor realizes who
Dolores's alea is and whether those
nationalities are true or not what
came out, then now Egun pasa will come and
say, hey, I've realized that
Dolores is in bad shape.  My master said it, the one
who gives me visits.
Pathetic.  Electra and buff.
We're going to leave the Electra thing in Coscai, okay?  A lot of
things, man.  We still have to see a
couple of things around here that Luanes has done for me
.  If you want to see Electra in
one pass.  Hey, Electra in Cai.
[Music]